Change the name of the QGIS "Define layer projection" algorithm (#4878)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectorgeneral.rst

.. _qgisdefinecurrentprojection:

Define Shapefile projection
---------------------------

> Sets an existing Shapefile format datasets projection to the provided CRS.

Author: ```suggestion
Sets the CRS (projection) of an existing Shapefile format dataset to the provided CRS.
```
